website/docs: add postgres pool configuration (#14060)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/install-config/configuration/configuration.mdx

- `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__USER`: Database user
- `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__PORT`: Database port, defaults to 5432
- `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__PASSWORD`: Database password, defaults to the environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`

> - `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__USE_POOL`: Use a [connection pool](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/ref/databases/#connection-pool) for PostgreSQL connections. Defaults to `false`. :ak-version[2025.4]

Author: ```suggestion
- `AUTHENTIK_POSTGRESQL__USE_POOL`: Use a [connection pool](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/ref/databases/#connection-pool) for PostgreSQL connections. Defaults to `false`. :ak-version[2025.4]
```
